Add missing hyperlink (#1747)
MicrosoftDocs/VBA-Docs: api/Excel.Range.Formula.md

## Remarks

> In Dynamic Arrays enabled Excel, Range.Formula2 supercedes Range.Formula. Range.Formula will continue to be supported to maintain backcompatibility. A discussion on Dynamic Arrays and Range.Formula2 can be found [here](/office/vba/excel/concepts/cells-and-ranges/range-formula-vs-formula2). 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In Dynamic Arrays enabled Excel, Range.Formula2 supercedes Range.Formula. Range.Formula will continue to be supported to maintain backcompatibility. A discussion on Dynamic Arrays and Range.Formula2 can be found in the Excel VBA documentation topic [Formula vs Formula2](/office/vba/excel/concepts/cells-and-ranges/range-formula-vs-formula2). 
```
